on Nintendo got a new system coming out
whoop-dee-doo nigga project project cafe
think I'm trying to play games i go to
starbucks nigga project cafe oh it's
gonna be HD finally and i'm in playing
HD games since 2005 nigga ask about Rick
a Nintendo fail supposed to be fifty
percent more powerful than the 360 and
the ps3 Yeah right a six inch
touchscreen on the control Nick don't
nobody want to use that we you nigga
fail what is that is it's not even a
system it's just a controller Nintendo
fails ah look at those graphics graphics
look worse than a 360 or ps3 game nigger
you gotta be kidding me
nobody's going to buy this man we could
just buy these games on our ps3 and 360
there won't be a new xbox or ps3 for a
very long time nintendo is just wasting
their damn time as usual the new xbox
and the new playstation are gonna blow
the wii u away graphically when it comes
out now i'm gonna be a contest gonna be
we all over again son we all over again
yeah you gonna have a good graphics no
for a year but soon as the other systems
come out this over son it's over
you know that we you don't look too bad
you know I've always liked Nintendo Co
that we use about to be a beast son yo
did you see that Lee clue you foot his
son that was hot that was hot I had to
pick one of those up hill man I can't
wait to nintendo's e3 press conference
men's bout to be epic about to be epic
nigga epic yo man it's a rap it's a rap
Nintendo when this generation I mean you
know I always said they would nintendo
is going to run and rule this generation
with an iron fist nigga i pre-ordered
this today son can't wait wii u mad
niggas we you met in the nation for life